X.commerce Integration Pack for Magento (Alpha)
===============================================
---

Overview
--------

The X.commerce Integration Pack for Magento is a package for Magento
developers who are interested in developing X.commerce Fabric enabled
extensions. The code in the Integration Pack was used internally to
develop the "Sell on eBay" extension that is currently available on
Magento Connect. Developers can use the X.commerce Integration Pack to
develop their own extensions. The Integration Pack delivers reusable
library code that encapsulates common tasks such as sending and
receiving messages from Fabric, mapping data between X.commerce Open
Commerce Language and Magento formats.

Contents of the X.commerce Integration Pack
-------------------------------------------

The Integration Pack contains three extensions as described below:


***X.commerce Fabric Integration for Magento*** - Facilitates onboarding
and communication between Magento instances and X.commerce.

***X.commerce Data Integration for Magento*** - Maps data between Magento
instances and X.commerce Open Commerce Language standards.

***X.commerce Data Mapping for Magento*** - Maps merchant defined
product taxonomy within Magento instances to X.commerce product
taxonomy.

Important: Please read before using the Integration Pack
--------------------------------------------------------

Please note that the X.commerce Integration Pack for Magento is in
active development and not fully productized. The code base currently
has a "circular" dependency with the "Sell on eBay" extension, which is
meant to be the client of this package. This dependency will be removed
in the next version of the Integration Pack. Future versions of the
Integration Pack will have a reusable library that will simplify the
coding tasks of integrating with the Fabric.

We've made the Integration Pack available so that Magento extension
developers can have early access to the product. The contents of the
Integration Pack include the Sell on eBay extension, which demonstrates
how the Sell on eBay extension was integrated with the Fabric.

Please note that the contents of the Integration Pack are subject to
change. In the alpha version, backward compatibility is not enabled.

***Send Us Your Feedback***

Please send comments, questions, and issues to
[productfeedback@x.com](mailto:productfeedback@x.com). The X.commerce
Integration Pack Product Manger will contact you within 48 hours.


